Add documentation for Cron Triggers (#258)
cloudflare/workers-docs-engine: src/content/platform/cron-triggers/index.md

---
order: 10
---

# Cron Triggers

## Background

Cron Triggers allow users to map a cron expression to a Worker script using a [ScheduledEvent](/runtime-apis/scheduled-event) listener that enables Workers to be executed on a schedule. Cron Triggers are ideal for running periodic jobs for maintenance or calling third-party APIs to collect up-to-date data.

## Adding CRON Triggers

Cron Triggers can be added to scripts with the Cloudflare API or in the dashboard on a [Workers Triggers tab](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) up to the [per-script limit](/platform/limits).

![workers-schedule-editor](./media/workers-schedule-editor.png)

> ## Supported Cron Expressions

Reviewer: We should probably flesh this out more about what extensions we support.

We support all cron expressions, including special characters, that evaluate to the supported time specification below:
- Intervals (single executions not supported)
- Minimum interval is 1 minute
- Maximum interval is 12 months

![workers-cron-diagram](./media/workers-cron-diagram.png)

### Examples

Here are some common time intervals that may be useful for setting up your Cron Trigger.

<Definitions>

- <Code>* * * * *</Code> = Every minute

- <Code>*/30 * * * *</Code> = Every 30 minutes

- <Code>0 17 * * fri</Code> = 5PM on Friday

- <Code>0 15 1 * *</Code> = 3PM on first day of the month

</Definitions>

## Viewing Past Events

Users can view the execution history of their Cron Triggers on the Past Events section of the [Workers Triggers tab](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) or through Cloudflare's [GraphQL Analytics API](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/graphql-api).

![workers-past-events](./media/workers-past-events.png)

> It's important to call out that it can take up to 30 minutes before events are displayed in Past Events when creating a new Worker or changing a Worker's name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: it can take up to 30 minutes before events are displayed in Past Events when creating a new Worker or changing a Worker's name. 
```
